c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TutorialRPG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TutorialRPG.exe
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TutorialRPG.pdb
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\SplashScreen\TutorialSplash.xnb
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG.exe
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG.pdb
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\Fonts\ImageFont.xnb
C:\Users\Guttsait\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\ScreenManager\TransitionTexture.xnb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TutorialRPG.exe
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TutorialRPG.pdb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TutorialRPG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG.exe
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG.pdb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\Fonts\ImageFont.xnb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\ScreenManager\TransitionTexture.xnb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\SplashScreen\TutorialSplash.xnb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\Gameplay\Player.xnb
C:\Users\Guttsait\Documents\GitHub\training\TutorialRPG\TutorialRPG\Content\Gameplay\TileSheets\TileSheet.xnb
